The problem that many small businesses face in todays world is an inability to combat lower
prices offered by bigger businesses who can afford lower margins and make up for the deficit in volume of sales.
Small businesses cannot afford that luxury and thus do not have as many customers. Grass roots businesses are driven
towards the ground in this manner. Our application offers an oppurtunity to create a lasting relationship
between small businesses and their customers who are loyal. By offering incentives to customers, they can offer
these lower prices while retaining a higher returning customer pool. The customer benefits from these reduced
prices. THis creates a mutually exclusive relationship that allows customers to support their local communities
businesses without having to ultimately up their cost. Our clients vision and ours as well is to offer this oppurtunity.
It is a small start of course but in time this may allow businesses to grow bigger than they would have otherwise.
This will allow community growth and niche markets that may have otherwise not have been developed.

The future. The future we have planned for this application, is to add more value for businesses. We will offer
them simple analytics that will allow them to create business solutions based on what they percieve.
Promotions will have clicks tracked, visits will have a duration attached allowing them to see how often people
spend time in their store. They will see changes in promotions offered, how it affects their daily visit average, and inform
them how their promotions are influencing traffic.

WE will create the administrator backend and ability for them to easily adjust common day to day operations like adding/editing
deleting businesses and users. We will also include a small guide for them.

Aesthetically we will be implementing modern deign patterns, high contrast colors, block segmentation of display
elements. This will attract users to actually using the application.

Continual refinement will happen, we will rigorously test and handle edge cases, we will also make our code production
level quality easing future developer usage and understanding.


47483647
1234592
10



